what's up you to capital G here so guys
today in this video I'm talking about
two decks I'm talking about infernity
and X sabers this is going to be kind of
like a blast in the past video when I
think of these two decks I get very
nostalgic despite the fact that there
wasn't too long ago that these decks
were in their heyday and they haven't
really done anything of notes and
probably the latter part of two years
but I really do wish that there was more
of a place of them in the competitive
meta you know i mean frankly i just
missed them because their throwback to
the synchro error and they remind me of
a very fast and hectic time and yugioh
where synchro is just dominated
everything I mean these are deck set of
one ycs is they've got second multiple
times both of them at ycs is and they
were really legitimate you know tier 1
decks back in the day now let's start
off with in front of the inn infernity
is a deck where even when i talk about
it it makes me smile because it just
like the dallas cowboys and I've said
this about wind-ups too because the deck
both wins and losses gloriously and I
love decks like that because it's
exciting and it's fun from every single
aspect it's fun to play it's from the
play against have you ever just watch
somebody play infernity it's it's just
it's very very entertaining like
watching somebody play infernity is
something that i get a girl into playing
yugioh it's like wow what is he doing
with all those cards how come those
brown cards are turning in the tub to
white cards and well my goodness it's so
fast like you spend like 15 minutes for
one turn with infernity and its really
really it's really fun that now actually
you know despite the fact that both of
these decks get absolutely hammered by
macro rabid and that's a whole different
topic but we'll talk about the matchups
for infernity right now when I look at
the top four decks let's say in no order
agents wind-ups and myrrh meal I
actually think that I actually think
that infernity has pretty decent
matchups against those decks and my sole
reason for this is none of those decks
play defense particularly well why not
sway pretty decent defense but these
aren't this not like hero or rabbit the
thing about infernity is infernity would
commonly lose two decks that could play
strangle defense where I mean your
battle is always overloaded and
obviously that just you know it gave the
the opposing player just a multitude of
answers to your Archfiend into your
necromancer to your place that you're
trying to get rolling that's like now
that that's right now you know agents
mermail ain't they don't play good
defense they barely run any traps and a
lot of times these decks are just
running you know maybe a couple of hand
traps so in front of you is a funny debt
because it can catch you sleeping and
it's not like Donald rabbit where if it
gets you just sleep in maybe it puts a
doco or a lot here for free on board I
mean this is a deck where if it catches
you sleeping it's lights out of me not
only do they have the locks with hundred
eyes dragon you know multiple barriers
and you know void over dragon and stuff
like that and in front of you can just
flat-out otk even through monsters
because of things like all rearm and
whatnot in a you know the infertility
doom dragon now people look at infernity
and they think that it's a degenerative
that you know people always say oh well
I'm beating you when you top that art
scene or a necromancer or Mirage you win
you know I understand that mindset but I
have always had the opinion and the
viewpoint of if you're telling me that
nothing in my deck works if I don't have
if i have a hand then basically what
you're saying is I have no failsafe I
have no backup plane if my plan does not
go off without a hitch I will lose the
game like infinity is the ultimate it's
the biggest risk versus reward deck they
ever made in yugioh and that's why I
think that Konami just wanted people to
forget that that they even made the
archetype you not I mean but it's the
ultimate risk versus reward if you can
play that way with the dagger up to your
throat the entire game saying man you
know if I draw too many monsters I'll
lose if I don't get if i dont basically
go off by turn four I'll lose you know
if you can play that way in over a seven
to nine round tournament make that work
to where you talk then damn it you
deserve that top I don't want to hear
about how you you know how somebody top
backed out Archfiend against you you
know you're going to think of that
winning of the way that that deck is
blueprinted if someone can get that to
work consistency consistently the more
power to them so you know I am all for
infernity I love the deck actually
that bear has been reprinted don't be
surprised if I end up playing it out of
regional the second day x Sabres
excellence is a deck where you know um
it back in the day when rescue cat was
legal oh my goodness with Cola wait this
deck was just flat-out nuts you know
they had ways to just you know they's
the gold star for rescue cat go plus
twos and you know one thing that's
always been odd to me is why the deck
never really used saber whole like I
understand that it didn't work when you
didn't have an X a bow on the field but
same rules always been a ridiculously
great card now the problem with Xavier's
right now I don't even think that it's
the deck itself the Dark Soul ruling
where they don't stack multiple times
obviously hurt the debt but i think it's
the problem of you know the ixia era in
exceeds being much more powerful than
synchros right now because you know you
look at a lot of the most powerful
synchros like trishula and brio and go
yo i mean they're all banned in Xavier's
could make those cards very easily you
know III think that the power creep has
just been very very bad to a deck like
xox savers where you look at a deck like
GBS and when jeebies get rolling they
can pick apart pretty much any deck of
the meta x labors don't really have that
power anymore you know its power plays
have kind of been halted by you know the
fact that Hundley really only hurts deck
that play heavy background that's just
not how the format is shaped up to be
right now I'm also one of the things
that is really holding xavier's down
right now it's the fact that they don't
really get any utility out of its season
that's kind of I mean that's kind of a
disappointing I mean you look at even
infernity as obscures that may seem but
leve air being in that deck made that
deck amazing because you know it meant
that not only could you bring back your
necromancer's you can use their effects
then stack for levy air and then bring
back a merabh and further mirage and
just keep on looping you know what i
mean to you just run out of stuff to
search but X sabers mean is there any
exceed that actually like definitively
helps the deck I really can't think of
me and that's the reason why despite the
fact that I don't see X sabers as a
particularly weak that gets not gonna
come back or anything I just think it's
kind of a shame that exceeds didn't help
the deck at all like you know they even
may
some ex saber uh you know eight seeds
and they don't help the deck uh you know
in any aspect so um actually and
excellence is the deck right now I look
at I look at the top four matchups and I
don't really see any of them being
advantageous I look at Marvel Atlanteans
and that's one of those decks where you
don't have the power in dec sabers or
the speed to knock that deck out when
it's you know maybe it just starts off
with undying and just passes like you
don't have the power to knock that deck
out I don't think your is explosive his
wind-ups i think in wind-ups is just
basically a newer better version of X
sabers and maybe you can catch agents
sleeping a couple of times but you know
if they get something like Hyperion on
the field it's pretty difficult to get
it off the board you know I mean X
Sabres don't really have big beaters
when you look at anything above 2500 so
you know obvious as opposite sounds I
think that infernity is the better deck
right now because at the very least
infernity can catch these decks that
play really bad defense and say oops we
top deck that our treat I win you know
what I mean or you can catch people
sleeping right now with infernity
obviously if you play against macro
rabbit you know dhoka is a card so have
fun with that macro just rapes your deck
so have fun with that but you know I
think that in front of these probably
the better deck right now so let me know
what you guys think I know again people
probably hated the hell out of these two
debts but you know I just thought it
would be fun to talk about them but you
guys watching as always and I'll talk to
you later